Vietnam, our country, with
4000 years of glorious history,
now the Mongol army, with its
ferocious hooves and swords, whirls like a firestorm,
determined to burn our Great Viet to ashes.
[Music]
[Applause]
Vietnam, our country, four thousand years of glorious
history, the Great King of the North, the Mongol
army, with its hooves and
zebras, whirls like a
firestorm, determined to burn our Great Viet to ashes.
[Music]
The conference of Hong Tran Nhan Tong, when he
had to, the peace was like a waterfall, the
steps on the autumn head.
Victory faded, the glory
saw our Vietnam, our beloved country, peace
suddenly recognized the sacred ancestor, the
wise and virtuous, clinging to the fence, erasing hatred and gratitude for a thousand years.
[Applause]
Sing
[Music]
Vietnam, our country, four thousand years of
glorious history, the great Mongol army, with its hooves and
zebras,
whirls like a firestorm.
[Music]
The conference of Hong Tran Nhan Tong, the spirited, the peace was
like a waterfall, the
steps on the autumn head.
Victory, we return, the glory
saw our Vietnam.  Beloved Country,
Peaceful,
Suddenly Recognizing the Holy Ancestor, Brother Minh,
bestowing the Dharma to erase hatred and grace for a thousand years,
proudly seeing Vietnam, Beloved Country,
Peaceful,
Suddenly Recognizing the Holy Ancestor, Brother Minh, clearly teaching
all people to
learn the Buddha's teachings,
proclaiming and erasing hatred and grace.
[music]